=pod

=head1 NAME

BIO_printf, BIO_vprintf, BIO_snprintf, BIO_vsnprintf
- formatted output to a BIO

=head1 SYNOPSIS

 #include <openssl/bio.h>

 int BIO_printf(BIO *bio, const char *format, ...);
 int BIO_vprintf(BIO *bio, const char *format, va_list args);

 int BIO_snprintf(char *buf, size_t n, const char *format, ...);
 int BIO_vsnprintf(char *buf, size_t n, const char *format, va_list args);

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The functions desribed here are small wrappers around the standard C
functions with similar names.

BIO_printf() is similar to the standard C printf() function, except that
the output is sent to the specified BIO, I<bio>, rather than standard
output.

BIO_vprintf() is similar to the vprintf() function, except the
output is sent to the specified BIO, I<bio>, rather than standard
output. The argument list I<args> is a stdarg argument list.

BIO_snprintf() is similar to snprintf() and BIO_vsnprintf() is
similar to vsnprintf() except that return value on error is different.

=head1 RETURN VALUES

All functions return the number of bytes written, or -1 on error.
For BIO_snprintf() and BIO_vsnprintf() this includes when the output
buffer is too small.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright 2017-2021 The OpenSSL Project Authors. All Rights Reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License 2.0 (the "License").  You may not use
this file except in compliance with the License.  You can obtain a copy
in the file LICENSE in the source distribution or at
L<https://www.openssl.org/source/license.html>.

=cut
