=pod

=head1 NAME

SSL_get_rpoll_descriptor, SSL_get_wpoll_descriptor
- obtain information which can be used to determine when
network I/O can be performed

=head1 SYNOPSIS

 #include <openssl/ssl.h>

 int SSL_get_rpoll_descriptor(SSL *s, BIO_POLL_DESCRIPTOR *desc);
 int SSL_get_wpoll_descriptor(SSL *s, BIO_POLL_DESCRIPTOR *desc);

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The functions SSL_get_rpoll_descriptor() and SSL_get_wpoll_descriptor() can be
used to determine when an SSL object which represents a QUIC connection can
perform useful network I/O, so that an application using a QUIC connection SSL
object in nonblocking mode can determine when it should call SSL_handle_events().

On success, these functions output poll descriptors. For more information on
poll descriptors, see L<BIO_get_rpoll_descriptor(3)>.

The intention is that an application using QUIC in nonblocking mode can use
these calls, in conjunction with L<SSL_get_event_timeout(3)> to wait for network
I/O conditions which allow the SSL object to perform useful work. When such a
condition arises, L<SSL_handle_events(3)> should be called.

In particular, 
SSL_handle_events() should be called whenever the timeout returned by
SSL_get_event_timeout(3) (if any) expires

Calls to SSL_get_rpoll_descriptor() and
SSL_get_wpoll_descriptor() function the same as calls to
BIO_get_rpoll_descriptor() and BIO_get_wpoll_descriptor() on the respective read
and write BIOs configured on the SSL object.

=head1 RETURN VALUES

These functions return 1 on success and 0 on failure.

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<SSL_handle_events(3)>, L<SSL_get_event_timeout(3)>, L<ssl(7)>

=head1 HISTORY

The SSL_get_rpoll_descriptor(), and SSL_get_wpoll_descriptor()
functions were added in OpenSSL 3.2.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright 2022-2023 The OpenSSL Project Authors. All Rights Reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License 2.0 (the "License").  You may not use
this file except in compliance with the License.  You can obtain a copy
in the file LICENSE in the source distribution or at
L<https://www.openssl.org/source/license.html>.

=cut
