=pod

=head1 NAME

SSL_CTX_set_keylog_callback, SSL_CTX_get_keylog_callback,
SSL_CTX_keylog_cb_func - logging TLS key material

=head1 SYNOPSIS

 #include <openssl/ssl.h>

 typedef void (*SSL_CTX_keylog_cb_func)(const SSL *ssl, const char *line);

 void SSL_CTX_set_keylog_callback(SSL_CTX *ctx, SSL_CTX_keylog_cb_func cb);
 SSL_CTX_keylog_cb_func SSL_CTX_get_keylog_callback(const SSL_CTX *ctx);

=head1 DESCRIPTION

SSL_CTX_set_keylog_callback() sets the TLS key logging callback. This callback
is called whenever TLS key material is generated or received, in order to allow
applications to store this keying material for debugging purposes.

The key logging callback is called with two arguments: the B<SSL> object
associated with the connection, and B<line>, a NUL-terminated string
containing the key material.  The key logging callback should write
out the B<line> followed by a newline.

SSL_CTX_get_keylog_callback() retrieves the previously set TLS key logging
callback. If no callback has been set, this will return NULL. When there is no
key logging callback, or if SSL_CTX_set_keylog_callback() is called with NULL,
then no logging of key material will be done through this facility.

If the library is built with C<enable-sslkeylog>, then key material can
be reported into the file specified by C<SSLKEYLOGFILE>;
see L<openssl-env(7)>.
If the library is not built with C<enable-sslkeylog-cb> configured, these
functions do nothing.

=head1 RETURN VALUES

SSL_CTX_get_keylog_callback() returns a pointer to the logging function,
or NULL if the callback is not set.

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<ssl(7)>, L<openssl-env(7)>,
L<Current IETF file format draft|https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/draft-ietf-tls-keylogfile/>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright 2016-2018 The OpenSSL Project Authors. All Rights Reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License 2.0 (the "License").  You may not use
this file except in compliance with the License.  You can obtain a copy
in the file LICENSE in the source distribution or at
L<https://www.openssl.org/source/license.html>.

=cut
